Ca_tru: Ca Tru, also known as Hat Co Dau / Hat Nha Tro, is a type of performance using chamber music scales that is very popular in the Northern and North Central regions of Vietnam. Ca Tru has been popular since the 15th century, used to be a type of singing in the royal court and was loved by the nobility and intellectuals. Ca Tru is a smooth and perfect combination of poetry and music.
Cai_luong: Cai luong (Chinese: 改良) is a type of theater originating from the South, formed on the basis of Don ca tai tu music and folk songs of the Mekong Delta.
Cheo: Cheo is a traditional Vietnamese theatrical art form. Cheo developed strongly in the north of Vietnam, focusing on the Red River Delta and two spreading areas: the midlands and mountains of the North and the North Central region. This type of theater is highly developed and rich in national identity.
Hat_ba_trao: Hat Ba Trao (also known as Cheo Ba Trao, Cheo dua linh, Ho dua linh, Ho hau linh) is a type of folk performing art with strong ritual characteristics of the residents of the Central coastal region, specifically from Binh Tri Thien (Quang Binh, Quang Tri, Thua Thien Hue) to Binh Thuan.
Hat_chau_van: Hat van, also known as chau van, hat hau dong, hat bong, is a traditional singing art form of Vietnam. This is a form of ritual music associated with the hau dong ritual of the Tu phu belief and the worship of Duc Thanh Tran, a Vietnamese folk belief.
Hat_xoan: Xoan singing is a type of folk song, ritual and custom of singing to worship gods and tutelary gods with a multi-element art form: music, singing, dancing; often performed in early spring, popular in the land of Hung Vuong - Phu Tho, a province in the midland region of Vietnam.
Ho: Ho is a popular musical performance genre in Vietnamese life since ancient times, originating from the living habits of lowland areas, expressing the mood of workers. Ho and Ly are somewhat similar, but Ho is often associated with a movement while Ly is not.
Nhac_cung_dinh: Hue Royal Court Music is a genre of royal court music in feudal times, performed during annual festivals of the Nguyen Dynasty of Vietnam. Hue Royal Court Music was recognized by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity in 2003.
Nhac_tai_tu: Southern amateur music is a Vietnamese folk music genre that was recognized by UNESCO as an intangible cultural heritage on December 5, 2013 and is a UNESCO title in Vietnam with a large area of ​​influence, covering 21 southern provinces and cities.
Quan_ho: Quan Ho folk songs are one of the typical folk songs of the Red River Delta in Northern Vietnam. It was formed and developed in the ancient Kinh Bac cultural area, especially the border area of ​​the two provinces of Bac Giang and Bac Ninh today with the Cau River flowing through it, called "Quan Ho River".
Tuong: Tuong (Nom script: 從), hat boi, hat boi (Nom script: 咭佩) are names for a popular musical genre in Vietnam. Different from other musical genres such as cheo, cai luong, etc.,
Xam: Xam is a type of Vietnamese folk song, popular in the plains and midlands of the North. "Xam" is also used to refer to people who practice Xam singing.